Programming Background
================
Ashlee McKeon
2022-06-08

-   [Response Question](#response-question)
-   [Example R Markdown Ouput](#example-r-markdown-ouput)

## Response Question

**Everyone in this course had some programming experience coming in (due
to the prerequisites). What are your thoughts on R vs whatever other
software you’ve used? What functionality do you like about R? What parts
do you miss about your other language? Do you consider R a difficult
language to learn? (If you knew R prior to the course, describe your
experience when first learning it.)**

Prior to coming into this course I had a foundational knowledge of SAS
and R. I have also taken several Python and Java programming classes
many years ago in the early years of my PhD studies (\~2013). However
those classes were very traditionally based and the examples were not
very relevant to the problems I would solve using programming. Also, I
have not applied the knowledge from those courses since then so I truly
don’t think of myself as knowing those languages. However, I’ve
programmed in SAS a bit more recently, and have programmed in R the most
recent before enrolling in this course. I started learning R through a
Coursera course that was focused on using R for behavioral sciences. I
really enjoyed it, but never completed the course.

My thoughts on R are very positive. I love the idea of moving away from
non-open source platforms and I know learning R will be something that
separates me from the pack in the behavioral research world- especially
as that field continues to become more “data hungry.” I really enjoy how
user friendly R is. I feel like it’s relatively intuitive to work
through and it seems like the options are pretty endless. One thing that
actually has me very excited is to actually learn how to make slide
decks in R. I brief a lot for my job so that capability will have high
value for me. I honestly don’t think I can say I miss anything about the
other languages I’ve learned because R truly is the one I know the most
and I don’t remember much from my other programming experiences.

## Example R Markdown Ouput

![](../images/cars-1.png)<!-- -->
